Previously...
This must reach Madame
Murray without fail.
It is worth more than my
life. You're a soldier now.
I will not fail you. Milord.
A wife who won't
let me touch her.
Admit it. You are using this
pregnancy to keep me at a distance.
Name?
James Malcolm Mackenzie Fraser.
This man spared my
youngest brother's life.
incurring a bloody
great debt of honor.
I doubt he'll live
through the journey.
Claire. she's here.
Maybe this really... Really
can be a new beginning.
Yes.
- For all of us.
- Yes.
Jamie. can you hear me?
You've come home to Lallybroch.
Lallybroch...
Sing me a song
Of a lass that is gone
Say. could that lass
Be I?
Merry of soul
She sailed on a day
Over the sea
To Skye
Billow and breeze
Islands and seas
Mountains of rain and sun
All that was good
All that was fair
All that was me
Is gone
Sing me a song
Of a lass that is gone
Say. could that lass
Be I?
Merry of soul
She sailed on a day
Over the sea
To Skye
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You're sure it's
in the dovecote?
Aye. I saw it with my own eyes.
Followed him here as he was hiding it.
Put it in one of the nests.
What if father catches us?
He won't. He's round the back
milking. Now shut your gab.
It's here. I swear.
I swear. you're lying.
Told you.
It's my father's.
so I get to hold it.
No. you're too young. and
you don't know how it works.
You don't either.
I've been to war. I was at Prestonpans.
I killed a filthy Redcoat officer.
And you killed him with a
knife. aye? And it was bloody.
Aye. bloody.
It's much braver to
kill a man with a knife.
Nothing but flesh and
metal between you.
I only wish Milord
didn't send me home.
I could've fought
at Culloden too.
Redcoats. Hide.
Move. cripple.
- Father!
- It's okay. Jamie.
Treat me as you will.
but leave the lad be.
If you trained your
mongrels better.
I wouldn't need to kick
them to keep them in line.
Keep moving!
Move!
I'm Captain Samuel Lewis. of
his Majesty's Tenth Dragoons.
I'm here for the Dunbonnet.
The Dunbonnet? No one
here goes by that name.
I should think not. openly.
I have it on good authority
that the notorious traitor
known as Red Jamie
is in concealment nearabouts.
and there's gossip in these parts
about another man called the Dunbonnet.
We dinna get to the village
much. I canna say I've heard that.
No? He's an outlaw
that wears a brown hat
to cover his
distinctive red hair.
I surmise that the Dunbonnet and
Red Jamie are one and the same.
You tell a braw
tale there. Captain.
James Fraser is your
brother-in-law. is he not?
And this is his clan land?
It was. These lands
belong to my son now.
We've not seen nor
heard from Jamie Fraser
since he left to fight in
the rebellion six years ago.
Pardon me. Sir. if I don't take
you or your wife's word for it.
I remind you that anyone who harbors
or renders aid to a Jacobite fugitive
commits high treason and
will be hanged under law.
Man. woman. or child.
You're welcome to search the
house and the grounds. if you please.
but I'll tell you
the same as I told
Lieutenant Harding.
Captain Abbot. Major Mercer.
and every other government officer
who comes to command these parts.
you'll find no sign of my
traitorous brother here.
Nor any follower of the Stuarts.
There is a substantial
reward for information
leading to the
capture of Red Jamie.
so if you know of his whereabouts.
you would be wise to turn him over now.
We canna give you what
we dinna have. Captain.
Very well.
Corporal MacGregor.
arrest Mr. Murray.
Perhaps some time in the garrison's
cells will help him change his mind.
A Scot in a Redcoat.
You're the traitor.
You filthy frog-eater.
Mind your tongue
or I'll cut it out.
Fergus. Rabbie. finish
milking and mind your chores.
He'll be fine. mistress.
Court's released him each
time they've seen fit to take him.
There's no reason to think
this time's any different.
That's a damnable shame.
Corporal MacGregor.
Aye. a lowlander.
Many a MacGregor
fought for the Jacobites.
but a few fought for the
government during the '45.
And now they think
they're better than us.
but what the daft loons don't realize
is the British hate them just the same.
You scared the bowels out of me.
They've taken Ian again.
I foolishly hoped
they were through
when two years passed with
no Redcoats bedeviling us.
We could go after them. Milord.
We could slit their throats in the
night and free Monsieur Murray.
Aye. That's a fine idea.
A deed like that would
bring the whole garrison
to Lallybroch to kill us
all. yourself included.
I reckon every new commander
needs to make a name for himself.
Captain Lewis was talking
about the "Dunbonnet."
That's what they've
taken to calling you now.
Soon enough you'll have
ballads sung in your honor.
'Tis time to tally the rents. Ian
was just about to start on the books.
Dinna suppose you
could do that for me.
Brother...
Brother!
You ken why I can lie to
the British and feel at peace?
It's because I'm not lying.
James Fraser hasna been
here for a long. long time.
Here you go.
Ooh. whee.
There you go.
Now. here's bunny.
Okay.
Shall we see what The
Globe has to say today?
"Ireland joins the
roster of free nations.
"To the roar of guns and the
flash of fireworks in the sky.
"the republic of
Ireland was born today."
Sweetheart.
This is history in the making.
You'll want to hear this.
"The Republic.
free of British rule.
"have to..."
You turned over!
All by yourself.
You turned...
Hot water cut out in
the middle of my shower.
The boiler must be out again.
What a clever girl you are.
Why? What happened?
She turned over. all by herself.
Oh...
Isn't it early for her
to be doing that?
Well. Dr. Spock says she shouldn't
be doing it for at least another month.
Well. what does Dr. Spock
know? Come here. come to Daddy.
Give me a kiss.
You're so clever. Yeah.
- Well...
- Yeah.
I should. uh. go
check the boiler.
I was careful. Wasn't followed.
Cut back on myself.
just like you taught me.
I want to learn
to shoot. Milord.
Where'd you get this?
It was hidden in the dovecote.
I want to defend our
home. I need to be ready.
For what?
Our next rebellion.
There will be no next rebellion.
But. Milord...
No more fighting.
Just because you're a
coward now doesn't mean I am.
Weapons are outlawed.
Put it back where you
found it. Don't touch it again.
Sir.
Dinna ken ye were
expected today.
Came to look at the ledgers.
Oh.
Where's my sister?
Dinna fash.
The bairn had a mind to come early.
Ye'll soon have a new niece or nephew.
The bairn is on the way.
Aye.
A raven!
My granny says that ravens
are messengers of death.
Canna be near the
house. The bairn will die!
Bullet. Hand me the cloth.
Ye sure that's how it works?
Yes. I watched Murtagh
instructing the soldiers.
I told you never
to touch this again.
There was a raven.
We were protecting the bairn.
Sir. ye have a wee nephew.
He's fine and healthy.
What were ye thinkin'. Rabbie?
Dinna be causing
any more trouble.
I thought I'd call him Ian.
Time we named one after
the man that sired them?
Ye always look braw with
a wee bairn in yer arms.
How long's it been since
you've lain with a woman. Jamie?
Don't...
Janet.
"She's dead." That's
all you ever told me.
I dinna ken how or why.
It's been six years now.
Mary MacNab's still
young enough for bairns.
I couldna run the household
without her. after Mrs. Crook died.
and she's a fine
mother to Rabbie.
I won't marry.
Ever again.
It's God's sorrow ye never had
the chance to bring a child into this...
Maybe the bairn
should meet his brother.
There's still time.
Do ye hear me.
brother? I just...
I just want you to
have some happiness!
Find the weapon.
Yes. Captain.
Jenkins. move!
Where's your mistress?
You three. search the rooms
downstairs. MacGregor. come with me.
Get that pistol!
Where's the weapon?
Weapon? We have no
weapons here. Captain.
My scouts heard a shot
from the vicinity of this estate.
so I ask again. Where
are you hiding the weapon?
I canna answer for
what yer scouts heard.
but I'll tell you again. I dinna
know of any weapons here.
We'd never risk such a thing.
I remind you. Madam. that as
an officer in his Majesty's army.
I am obliged to search this house
should I have the slightest suspicion
that the act of proscription
has been breached.
And we will continue to do so
until you comply with my request.
Captain. I have cooperated
with every request
made by His Majesty's soldiers.
Have you delivered
a child. madam?
Aye.
Where is it?
Should it not be at your breast?
It was a fearsome birth.
and the bairn wasna
breathing when he came.
Ye see. he was already gone.
Good.
It's one less teutcher
we'll have to deal with.
Hold your tongue. Corporal.
Where's the body?
The midwife took it
away to clean it for burial.
Find the midwife and
have her bring the body.
Sir.
Captain. please.
I canna bear it.
Here's the pistol. Captain.
'Tis mine.
Yours?
It belonged to my
late husband. Ronald.
It was the only thing I
had left of him. so I kept it.
It gave me comfort. Mistress
Murray knew nothing of it.
And what occasion
did you have to fire it?
I saw a raven land near the house
while Milady was delivering her child.
So I shot it dead.
Just one of the foolish
highland superstitions. sir.
Believing a common
bird can bring ill luck.
But it was too late. As I told
you. the bairn was born dead.
Aye.
Aye. I'm heart sorry. Mistress.
Should I take her
into custody. Captain?
We have the weapon.
She's no threat.
But I warn you once more. madam.
if another violation occurs.
there will be no mercy.
Corporal. if you please!
Thank ye. Mary. Ye did well.
They're gone.
This new captain. I've
seen the look of his eyes.
He's no' one to give up.
He'll no' stop till ye're
hanging from the end of a rope.
Take a shovel.
Dig a grave in the
cemetery. in case they look.
Claire?
What is it?
I miss my husband.
Go and rot. peg leg.
Half the garrison are
searching to the north.
and the other half are
searching to the south.
It's only a matter of time
until we find Red Jamie.
Then we'll be back for you.
and yer whole family.
Aye. well.
it's been a lovely
visit. gentlemen.
The brat is leading
us in circles.
I believe he is. sir.
You think you're smart?
I knew you were following me.
But you can't trick me. you imbeciles.
Tell us where Red Jamie is.
I know that you know.
you filthy frog-eater.
There's no Red Jamie here.
Leave us alone!
I'll get it out of you.
one way or another.
You're harassing us. We
don't want you around here!
You're all pieces of shit.
Go to hell!
Dirty Scotsman. You
betray your own people.
And the Scots hate you for
it. You'll never be one of them.
Ye brazen wee bastard.
Your face is as
red as your coat!
You pansies!
I'll rip your tongue out!
Filthy Redcoats!
You'll pay for those words!
That tongue will get
my boot up your ass!
You morons!
Don't taunt them.
No women will have you!
You'll be sorry.
Get back here. ye filthy urchin!
Run. you fool.
French scum.
we'll string you up.
Canna run from me!
Hold him down!
Go to hell!
No!
Wait. he's just a lad.
Come on. leave him.
If we do nothing. he'll die!
That's an order. Private.
Hold.
Dinna be feart. Fergus. laddie.
I watched Milady
do this many times.
Yer quick actions
saved him. brother.
I should have stopped them.
Then ye'd be dead
and so would he.
We'd all be dead.
Brother...
Ye all right. ye wee fool?
I'm sorry. Milord.
I tried to lead them
away from the cave.
Ye did well.
I'm the one who should be sorry.
You remind me
I have something to fight for.
There you are. Milord.
Here.
Does it hurt much?
A bit.
Sometimes it feels
warm or scratchy
or hurts like it's still there.
But...
Madame has been most
generous with the whiskey.
Although. you know that I
prefer the taste of French wine.
Do not trouble yourself. Milord.
I have been fortunate.
Do you recall the
agreement we made in Paris?
When you hired me
to steal letters for you?
Aye.
You said. should I be
arrested or executed.
you would have masses
said for me for a year.
And should I lose an ear
or a hand while
doing your service...
That I would support
you for the rest of your life.
You can trust me
to keep that bargain.
I have always
trusted you. Milord.
I think I'm most lucky.
In one stroke.
I have become a
man of leisure. no?
What do you call this again?
It's called Eton Mess.
Well. a cheerful term
for a failed Pavlova.
Well. it's damn delicious.
whatever you call it.
Maybe you could
give Millie the recipe.
I'd be happy to.
Now. Jerry. when was the last
time you saw me bake anything?
If I can't find it in the
frozen section at the A&P.
we're not having dessert.
True. You know.
I knew she was no Betty
Crocker when I married her.
but her talents
lie elsewhere.
Stop.
Uh. would anyone like more?
- Heck. yeah.
- Twist my arm.
You mind if we kill the bottle?
Uh. it's all yours.
Uh. well. cheers.
- Cheers.
Nightcap?
Please.
So which of Millie's talents do
you think Jerry was referring to?
Well. it's obviously
her encyclopedic knowledge of
the complete works of Shakespeare.
You are a snob.
You asked the question.
Claire. look at me.
Baby...
Claire. open your eyes.
Why have you stopped?
You... You never used to close
your eyes when we made love.
It doesn't mean
anything. I'm enjoying this.
Are you?
Of course.
Then why can't you look at me?
Christ. Frank.
If you're not in the
mood. you just had to say.
Claire. when I'm with you.
I'm with you.
But you're with him.
My leg.
it's not there.
as anyone can plainly see.
And yet. it pains me
terrible sometimes.
Even wakes me up at night.
Fergus. the lad.
he'll likely feel the
same with his hand.
Feeling a pain in a
part of ye that's lost...
And that's just a hand.
Claire was yer heart.
I thought perhaps the lad
could use another blanket.
Who did this?
The soldiers. when they
were searching the house.
The Redcoats...
They're never gonna stop
until they find the Dunbonnet.
Turn in my own brother?
That way. ye'll get
the reward money.
And they'll not come after ye.
'cause of yer
loyalty to the crown.
To hell with the crown.
Send word to Captain Lewis.
Tell him...
Tell him you heard from me.
You know when I'll be coming.
and when I do.
they'll be here to arrest me.
They'll know. once and for all.
you owe no allegiance to Red Jamie.
Christ. man. you'll be hangit!
I'll no' risk your lives
for me any longer.
The British are no'
hanging Jacobites anymore.
It's likely he'll only
be imprisoned.
Only?
Jamie. have ye not seen the inside
of enough prisons for one lifetime?
Little difference to
the prison I live in now.
Mistress Jenny has sent food.
Do you mind the company?
It would be welcome.
What you did that day.
turning the pistol
over to the Redcoats...
It was very brave.
'Twas the only thing I could do.
Thank you for the barbering.
'Twas no bother.
I leave tomorrow.
Ye can take the books
back to Lallybroch.
Bury the rest.
Stay out of sight.
I'm gonna wash up in the river.
Whose idea was this?
Yours or my sister's?
Did she think I'd
change my mind?
Does it matter?
No.
It doesn't matter because
it's not gonna happen.
If you won't leave.
then I'll have to.
Sir.
Your sister didna ask
me to do what I'm doin'.
I ken well enough
what ye're thinking.
for I saw your lady and how
it was between the two of ye.
And it's not my mind to make
ye feel ye've betrayed that.
What I want is to share
something different.
Something less. mayhap.
But something we both need.
Something to keep us whole.
as we move forward in this life.
I've not done this
in a very long time.
Neither have I.
You can look at
me if you'd like.
Ye're a bonny lass.
It's just something I always do.
I threw myself into my
new role as best I could.
But there was still
something missing in my life.
Once. I had thought I was whole.
I'd been able to love a man.
to bear a child.
to heal the sick.
and all these things
were natural parts of me.
But the man I had
loved was Jamie.
and for a time. I had been part
of something greater than myself.
I wanted that again.
That's why I knew. eventually. I
would need to do something more.
Can I help you. miss?
Isn't this the
anatomy classroom?
It is.
Are you looking for someone?
I have a class about to start.
You must be Dr. Simms.
I am. And you are...
Claire Randall. First year.
Oh. yeah.
The Dean informed me there was a
woman in this year's incoming class.
A woman and a Negro.
How very modern of us.
Is this spot taken?
No. it's all yours.
Thanks.
Joe Abernathy.
Claire Randall.
Pleased to meet you.
All right. gentlemen.
Let's begin.
Bunny was wedged
behind the bed again.
I think Bree might be
trying to tell us something.
Good night.
Jenny.
It's me.
I've come home!
No. Jenny. no!
James Alexander
Malcolm Mackenzie Fraser.
otherwise known as Red Jamie.
you are hereby under
arrest for high treason
against his Majesty King George.
Not my own sister.
Put him in the irons!
How could you?
This is yer own fault!
Ye brought this on yerself!
Well done. madam.
You've done a
service to the crown.
This is blood money!
Ye gave me no choice. brother!
And I'll never
forgive you! Never!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today